Update Docs (#280)
JuliaGaussianProcesses/KernelFunctions.jl: docs/src/userguide.md

    Instead of having lengthscale(s) for each kernel we use [`Transform`](@ref) objects which act on the inputs before passing them to the kernel. Note that the transforms such as [`ScaleTransform`](@ref) and [`ARDTransform`](@ref) _multiply_ the input by a scale factor, which corresponds to the _inverse_ of the lengthscale.
    For example, a lengthscale of 0.5 is equivalent to premultiplying the input by 2.0, and you can create the corresponding kernel as follows:
    ```julia

>       k = SqExponentialKernel() ∘ ScaleTransform(2.0)

Reviewer: mention `compose()` alternative/link to base package?

Reviewer 2: It is mentioned in https://juliagaussianprocesses.github.io/KernelFunctions.jl/previews/PR280/transform/#input_transforms which is linked to below this example.

Reviewer 2: Additionally, `compose` is mentioned in the docstring: https://juliagaussianprocesses.github.io/KernelFunctions.jl/previews/PR280/kernels/#Base.:%E2%88%98-Tuple{Kernel,%20Transform}

Reviewer: Is it possible to get the mention of compose() to link to the documentation of the package in which it's defined?

Reviewer 2: There's no official documentation, it's just mentioned in the README of CompositionsBase. And also in the code it's just this line: https://github.com/JuliaFunctional/CompositionsBase.jl/blob/5288f36c2bb3e6567fcd130d658eda1e78fd830f/src/CompositionsBase.jl#L15 IMO this does not provide any additional information, there's not nothing more to know than that it's an alias for the unicode composition symbol. And this is already mentioned in the documentation of KernelFunctions.

Author: I've added a note here about compose.

To evaluate the kernel function on two vectors you simply call the kernel object:
```julia
k = SqExponentialKernel()
x1 = rand(3)
x2 = rand(3)
k(x1, x2)
```

## Creating a kernel matrix

Kernel matrices can be created via the `kernelmatrix` function or `kernelmatrix_diag` for only the diagonal.
For example, for a collection of 10 `Real`-valued inputs:
```julia
k = SqExponentialKernel()
x = rand(10)
kernelmatrix(k, x) # 10x10 matrix
```
If your inputs are multi-dimensional, it is common to represent them as a matrix.
For example
```julia
X = rand(10, 5)
```
However, it is ambiguous whether this represents a collection of 10 5-dimensional row-vectors, or 5 10-dimensional column-vectors.
Therefore, we require users to provide some more information.

You can write `RowVecs(X)` to declare that `X` contains 10 5-dimensional row-vectors, or `ColVecs(X)` to declare that `X` contains 5 10-dimensional column-vectors, then
```julia

> kernelmatrix(k, RowVecs(X)) # returns a 10x10 matrix -- each row of X treated as input
> kernelmatrix(k, ColVecs(X)) # returns a 5x5 matrix -- each column of X treated as input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kernelmatrix(k, RowVecs(X))  # returns a 10×10 matrix -- each row of X treated as input
kernelmatrix(k, ColVecs(X))  # returns a 5×5 matrix -- each column of X treated as input
```

> ## Creating a kernel matrix

Reviewer 2: There are some occurrences of `transform` left in the sections above, maybe one could use this update and replace them with the new syntax?

> ## Creating a kernel matrix

Reviewer 3: It's great what you did with this section!

Reviewer 3: Maybe as a small comment it would be good to separate this different parts with sections, like
```
### One dimensional inputs
### Multi-dimensional inputs
### Special matrices
```

Author: Good shout, done.

Reviewer 3: I think this was skipped?

Author: I don't believe so -- https://github.com/JuliaGaussianProcesses/KernelFunctions.jl/pull/280/files#diff-fddbb0c4374f39037dfe84277565868b29048f3c019a50e1db34c3b49b666a07R22

Reviewer: That's on api.md - maybe a sign that it'd be good to rethink which bits to put into api.md / userguide.md / (yet-to-be-added) design.md?

Author: Huh, yeah, I literally didn't notice that, and added it in a completely different place from that which Theo requested 😂 .

I agree that it would probably be better here. Will arrange things differently once I've added the design notes.

Kernel matrices can be created via the `kernelmatrix` function or `kernelmatrix_diag` for only the diagonal.
For example, for a collection of `10` `Real`-valued inputs:
```julia
  k = SqExponentialKernel()

>   x = rand(10)

Reviewer 2: I know this is not newly introduced in this PR but I wonder what the motivation was to add whitespace here?

  kernelmatrix(k, x) # 10x10 matrix
```
If your inputs are multi-dimensional, it is common to represent them as a matrix.
For example
```julia
  X = rand(10, 5)
```

> However, it is ambiguous whether this represents a collection of 10 5-dimensional row-vectors, or 5 10-dimensional column-vectors.

Reviewer 2: A bit inconsistent that above "`10`" is used and here and below it is just "10". Maybe just use "10" above as well?

Author: Good catch -- changed.

Therefore, we require users to provide some more information.

You can write `RowVecs(X)` to declare that `X` contains 10 5-dimensional row-vectors, or `ColVecs(X)` to declare that `X` contains 5 10-dimensional column-vectors, then
```julia
  kernelmatrix(k, RowVecs(X))   # returns a 10x10 matrix -- each row of X treated as input
  kernelmatrix(k, ColVecs(X))   # returns a 5x5 matrix -- each column of X treated as input
```
This is the mechanism used throughout KernelFunctions.jl to handle multi-dimensional inputs.

You can also utilise the `obsdim` keyword argument if you prefer:
```julia
  kernelmatrix(k, X; obsdim=1)  # same as RowVecs(X)
  kernelmatrix(k, X; obsdim=2)  # same as ColVecs(X)
```
This is similar to the convention used in [Distances.jl](https://github.com/JuliaStats/Distances.jl).

See [Input Types](@ref) for a more thorough discussion of these two approaches.

We also support specific kernel matrix outputs:

> - For a positive-definite matrix object`PDMat` from [`PDMats.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaStats/PDMats.jl), you can call the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For a positive-definite matrix object of type `PDMat` from [`PDMats.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaStats/PDMats.jl), you can call the following:
```

```julia
  using PDMats
  k = SqExponentialKernel()
  K = kernelpdmat(k, RowVecs(X))   # PDMat
  K = kernelpdmat(k, X; obsdim=1)  # PDMat
```
It will create a matrix and in case of bad conditioning will add some diagonal noise until the matrix is considered positive-definite; it will then return a `PDMat` object. For this method to work in your code you need to include `using PDMats` first.

> - For a Kronecker matrix, we rely on [`Kronecker.jl`](https://github.com/MichielStock/Kronecker.jl). Here are two examples:

Reviewer 2: I don't really understand how `kernelkronmat` works, could this be explained better? It is also a bit unclear to me which kernels actually support this method (see also https://github.com/JuliaGaussianProcesses/KernelFunctions.jl/issues/93).

Reviewer 3: I can work on a PR for that later

Author: Thanks @theogf . I'll resolve this comment for now.
